# Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java

1. Factorial of a number:
https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/FactorialCalculator.java

2. Print Fibonacci Series
https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/Main.java

3. Java program to Search an element using Linary Search
https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/linearSearch.java

4. Implementing Sort Algorithm(Brute Force Technique)
https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/SortUsingBruteForce.java

5. Sort an array using Bubble Sort Technique
https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/BubbleSort.java

6. Sort the elements by using Merge Sort method
https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/MergeSort.java

7. Quick Sort
https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/QuickSort.java

8. Binary Search
https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/BinarySearchExample.java

9. Maximum and Minimum Using divide and conquer
https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/MaxMinDivideConquer.java

10. Topological Sorting using Source Removal Method
https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/TopologicalSortKahn.java

11. Coin Change Problem
https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/CoinChangeGreedy.java

12. Java program to implement 0/1 Knapsack problem using Knapsack Greedy method.
https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/FractionalKnapsack.java

13. Job Sequence using greedy method
https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/JobSequencingGreedy.java

14. Implement Prim's algorithm which generates minimum spanning tree using Greedy Approach
https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/Prims.java

15. Implement Kruskal's algorithm to generate minimum spanning tree using Greedy approach: https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/KruksalsMinimumSpanningTree.java

16. Dijkstraâ€™s algorithm to find shortest paths: https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/LP12_Dijkstra.java

17. Floyd's algorithm
https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/FloydAlgorithm.java

18. Warshall's Algorithm
https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/WarshallAlgorithm.java

19. 0/1 knapsack using Dynamic Programming
https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/Knapsack.java

20. Travelling Salesperson Using Dynamic Programming
https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/TSPDynamicProgramming.java

21. Design and implement a Java program to find all Hamiltonian Cycles
https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/HamiltonianCycles.java

22. Bellman ford Algorithm Implementation: https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/BellmanFord.java

23. Implementation of N Queen using Backtracking
https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/NQueenBacktracking.java

24. Sum of Subset Problem
https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/LP17_SumOfSubSubset.java

25. Traveling Sales Man using Branch and Bound: https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/TSP.java

26. 0/1 Knapsack problem using Branch and Bound method
https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/KnapsackBranchBound.java

27. Assignment problem using branch and bound
https://github.com/AshrayVB/Codetantra-of-Design-and-Analysis-of-Algorithm-using-Java/blob/main/Main2.java
